A robot is just outside a warehouse and needs
to get to the second door.
It can move on a line.
However, it doesn't know where it is.
How does it localize itself?
It has wheel odometry, a camera to detect
a door, and a map of the warehouse.
We can model the belief on where the robot
is as a probability distribution over the
possible locations.
Just deployed, the probability is uniform
as the robot's initial location is unknown.
As the robot gets an image from the camera,
it detects a door.
Given that the map shows there are three doors,
the probability increases at the locations
in front of each door.
The robot moves right, and the belief is also
updated accordingly, with the information
from the wheel odometry.
The robot then senses a second door and the
probability corresponding to location at the
second door becomes the highest, localizing
the robot.